And fortunately, rather than
not being able to predict it,
we continue to go forward
in the direction that we want.
I just enjoy the whole process.
We all grew up in different cultures.
These various cultures overlapped
and a group was born.
But instead of forcing them into one
we worked as a group
without losing each of our individuality.
I think that rather emerged
as the color of the group BLACKPINK.
I think we shine the brightest
when we do what we love to do.
Now that’d be music, right?
When we are fully expressing
what we want to express,
that’s when we shine the brightest.
So I think it’d be great for us to show
a lot of things
that we enjoy doing in the future.
As we do this,
we’ve always done everything thinking,
"We could show something like this.
This time, we can show this."
I think we can
continue to show different sides of us.
We plan on continuing to do
what we want and show it.
Five years is not too short
and not too long of a time, right?
But a lot of different things happened.
There were happy times, and sad times.
I think those were
the happiest times of my 20s.
When we were on the tour,
I’d always feel hectic thinking about
which city we have to go next and such.
But after seeing this video,
I could see that we laughed a lot
and really enjoyed our time together.
When we first debuted,
we faced all kinds of experiences.
Back, then, there was a fear
about whether or not we were doing well,
feeling uncertain about some things.
When we had our first concert,
what we say on stage is
also a very important part of our concert.
I was really nervous, like,
"Let’s not make any mistake."
It’s already been a little over two years
since we debuted.
And to be able to have a concert
at such a big venue in Korea
in Seoul like this…
Even as I’m saying it,
I feel like we’ve improved very much.
And it was all possible thanks to BLINKs.
Right, everyone?
We’ve been together since day one.
I like to think we’ve grown a little bit
seeing how we’ve become more comfortable
with making a speech
and looking after one another
when we're on stage.
I like to believe that
we still have that energy
from when we were trainees.
I’m so moved,
thank you all so much for coming.
Since the four of us are in this together,
we decided to have a talk
on trusting each other more
and trying to enjoy everything.
Since then, it became more enjoyable
to take on new challenges,
we became more excited,
and began to look forward to things.
I think we grew up a little.
We are always here for you, BLINKs,
so please stay with us too. Thank you!
When the four of us are together,
we always laugh and talk
just like we did when we were trainees.
It’s just so fun to work together too.
-I think we’re the same.
-We are the same.
Now we don’t even have to say a word.
We just look
at each other’s eyes and know.
We just know.
Tell us, Lisa.
Yes. Thanks to all of your support
and love, I will strive to work harder
as Lisa of BLACKPINK, everyone.
I love you, BLINKs.